Dear Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon,

I am writing this to plead earnestly with you, and the United Nations, to pay immediate and intent attention to the problems with the crippled nuclear reactors at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant (hereafter "F1") and radioactive substances spreading out thereof.

Ever since the Great East Japan Earthquake, the ensuing tsunami and the severe damage caused to F1, collectively known as 311, took place on March 11, 2011, an unignorable number of cases with ailments, illnesses and sudden deaths have been reported, as well as cases with deformed plants. Pollution is detected not only in the air but also in soil in so wide a region and food from farms and sea. Contamination has been found overseas also, such as on the west coast of the US.

Steam containing radioactive particles is constantly emitted from F1, which is acknowledged by the very power company, TEPCO. Furthermore, steam or smoke that covers the entire sight of the fixed camera is seen on the internet as frequently as every a few days, and then the atmospheric radiation level in the vicinity rises accordingly.

However, it appears that the government of Japan and TEPCO have been met with great difficulty tackling the problems. And while the date of completion of solving them is not yet estimated, the government is prone to re-activating the other, currently stopped nuclear power plants, rather than informing the commons of the progress of the work on F1.

Another concerning part is that there are considerable discrepancies between various data and reports broadcast by major media and those by independent researches - the former appears significantly understated. Overseas media and websites report the current state and warn far more gravely of these problems in Japan than Japanese counterparts do, and a great deal of information found on the internet is not even spoken of on TV or newspapers. The reported illnesses and deaths are, if spoken, not attributed to the radiation derived from F1.

Unfortunately, it appears that Japan is incapable of solving the problems which threaten not only the inhabitants of Japan but also of the world, either by itself or soon. I gravely plead with you for the United Nations' intervention in the operation to help tackle the problems, and to call other international bodies and fellows for the action.

 

It is in my knowledge that a likewise plea has been made to the United Nations by Mr. Mitsuhei Murata, a Japanese former ambassador to Senegal, Switzerland and other nations. Please accept his request and help save Japan and the world!

 

Yours faithfully,


